Rubisco Public License (RPL)

Preamble

The Rubisco Public License (RPL) is a free and open source software license that aims
to promote the development and distribution of scientific software for the benefit of
the scientific community. It is inspired by the principles of the GNU General Public
License (GPL) and the Berkeley Software Distribution (BSD) license, but tailored
specifically to the needs of scientific software.

Terms and Conditions

1. Definitions

Software: The computer program or collection of computer programs licensed under this RPL.

Source Code: The human-readable form of the Software, including any accompanying
documentation and configuration files.

Object Code: The machine-readable form of the Software, including any libraries, executables,
or other compiled or assembled files.

2. Copyright

The copyright in the Software is held by the original author(s) or copyright holder(s).

3. License Grant

Subject to the terms and conditions of this RPL, the copyright holder hereby grants to you a
worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual license to:

Use the Software for any purpose, including commercial and non-commercial use.

Modify the Software, create derivative works, and distribute the modified Software or derivative
works.


4. Attribution

In all modifications and derivative works, you must include the following attribution:

`
Portions of this software are licensed under the Rubisco Public License (RPL).
`

You may place this attribution in the copyright notice or elsewhere in the modified Software or
derivative works.

5. Patent Rights

If you obtain patents related to the Software or any modifications or derivative works, you must
either:

Grant a royalty-free license to use the patents to all users of the Software, or

Provide a reasonable and non-discriminatory license to use the patents to all users of the Software.


6. Distribution

You may distribute the Software or any modified Software or derivative works in either Source Code
or Object Code form, provided that you:

Include a copy of this RPL with all distributions of the Software.

Ensure that any modified Software or derivative works are distributed under the same terms and conditions
as this RPL.


7. No Warranty

The Software is provided "as is" without any warranty, express or implied. The copyright holder disclaims
all warranties, including any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
and non-infringement.

8. Limitation of Liability

In no event shall the copyright holder be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary,
or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, loss of profits, business interruption, or loss
of data) arising out of the use or inability to use the Software, even if the copyright holder has been
advised of the possibility of such damages.

9. Termination

This RPL shall terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any of its terms and conditions. Upon
termination, all rights granted to you under this RPL shall immediately cease.

10. Governing Law

This RPL shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which
the Software is primarily developed.

11. Contact

For any questions or requests regarding the RPL, please contact:

Rubisco Team
<rubiscosearch@gmail.com>

12. Version

This is version 1.0 of the Rubisco Public License.
